Color emerald green
Head down full
Not a crack
The best glass red jadeite, this is
This is the best quality
The total value of the flower is tens of millions
That's not possible.
What a beautiful jade
Cruel you lose
I don't accept that he can't have such strength
Must have stepped on shit luck
Do you dare to bet with me again?
This time I raise the bet 5 million
He is always willing to give money
Then play with you
Mr. Hua, yours is glutinous seed product.
His is ice
I will continue to pay you back.
This time it will be added.
10 million bet
Can satisfy you
Mr. Hua, yours is a branch of the army.
His is the best glass
Damn liar
How dare you say you can't hunt
It's obviously fake